leaving healthy mud and they first began
to sing you show you how they change
[Music]
20 years ago the series premiered and
helped are showing the concept of
prestige television even in today's
golden age of television The Sopranos is
still here all dead as one of the best
day shows ever made you are watching how
they changed with some awesome facts
about this famous TV series when the
show's creator David changed was first
pitching the idea for The Sopranos he
was actually aiming to make a movie the
concept came from an idea he had about
him up Stein therapy when he started
shopping the idea around it was Fox that
convinced him to make it for TV and
ordered a pilot while it fell through at
Fox Chase continued to try and find a
network home for the TV show version of
his idea luckily HBO in the top taking a
chance on him and it went to service ah
if it hadn't add cheese reported he
would have added an hour to the already
short pilot and released it as a movie
before Van Zant was cast as mobster
silver danta he had a very different
career he was a musician best known for
being part of Bruce Springsteen's E
Street Band he had left the band a brief
time before being on The Sopranos and
released five of his own albums now he
admits his preoccupation with politics
in music and his Korean a bit chest
recalled Van Zandt face always grabbing
him on the cover of Springsteen and E
Street Band albums and he just knew the
guy had to be on his show despite having
no previous acting experience and and
became one of the most memorable parts
of his promise when chase wanted to get
ins and on as a part of The Sopranos he
actually ended him as playing
because of his perfect gangster in that
work thou wasn't so keen on having a non
actor read the series and Zant agreed
and came to the realization that he
didn't want to steal the rule from a
more established actor anyways so they
created a rule for him when chase came
to Van Zandt saying he would create a
rule specifically was Van Zant was and
he had written a treatment about a
retired hitman named Silvio Dante the
rest is history
at Ranelagh Sara is one of the most
notable roles in the show but she almost
wasn't played but rather Matteo the
actress audition for the role of Adriana
but chase turned her down sizing that
she didn't look at Italian enough he did
hire her to play an unnamed waitress in
the pilot episode ow
when the show went to series Jiri
auditioned the mattel for the part and
this time she wasn't going to lose it
she teased her hair up will necklace
that spouts her name in diamonds and
pumped up her accent to nail or Chase
was looking for it worked out and she
was officially Adriana
jamie-lynn Sigler thought the show was
about pressing this when she auditioned
before she ended up playing Tony
Soprano's daughter sickling was just not
a young actress auditioning for any role
she could gap so when she walked into
the Sopranos audition she just assumed
it was a sure about opera singers
funnily enough HBO didn't want to name
the show that for fear audience would
think the same thing
fans and Sickler very soon figured out
just how far from opera singing the show
really
chase admitted in an interview that the
idea for dr. Melfi Lorraine Bracco
was based upon his own therapist around
Calvin
now some bonus craziness for you the
actress who played Murphy had the very
same name as the real-life therapist
she's noted that Calvin had the same way
of cutting through BS that Melfi has on
the show when dealing with Tony even sad
that he's discussed the Sharon
characters in depth with Kaufman leading
to her plotting out her own breakdown of
the family and their psychological
issues the cast of The Sopranos was full
of people very familiar with playing
gangsters and criminals the TV series
and the movie Goodfellas shipped 27,000
Ambus some were cast south and repeat
players but many was some of the main
characters of The Sopranos this includes
Lorraine Bracco Tony Sirico metal reoli
Frankel Vanessa Vincent Pastore Bronco
definitely plays most wildly the Virgin
characters between the film and TV show
you won't believe how different Karen
Hill and dr. Murphy are
oh speaking of Goodfellas cast members
one of the biggest of them all was
almost on The Sopranos - Liotta was
approached by Chase to star in the
series in an undisclosed role they
decided against it she wanted to focus
on his film career and not get bogged
down by a teenager he never revealed
which fall he was offered we have to
assume that it was on the smaller side
in an interview he said his ego was too
big to accept the role and it could have
been one where he wouldn't have been
able to shine we wonder if he regrets
not starring on one of the biggest shows
of all time
tony sirico who played Paulie walnuts
was able to play his role so
convincingly because he was once an
actual gangsta
he was arrested 28 times during his
criminal years starting when he was just
a kid stealing nickels from a newsstand
silico logically worked with the Colombo
crime family during his years as an
active criminal it was actually during
one of his stints in jail that he was
inspired to become an actor he
encountered an acting troupe made up of
all ex-cons and decided to transform his
career ambitions he's been in several
movies and TV shows over the years but
The Sopranos is still what he is best
known for his criminal past wasn't the
only similarity Toni had with his
character Polly many of the unique
qualities and experiences Paulie has on
the show are based on real things from
circus life polish cleanliness in the
way he dresses a hole inspired by Tony
himself cynical even said there came a
point where he and his fictional
character were cross-pollinated and he
wasn't sure who was looking back at him
in the mirror and now that huge aspect
of his life that was adapted into the
show he lived with his mother for 16
years before her death on the show who
lives with his mother for years I was
totally devoted to her after the pilot
aired the real-life mobster told James
Gandolfini not to wear shorts this is
definitely one of the funniest inside
tales from the show after the first
episodes of the show aired real-life
mobsters were conducting chase and
Gandolfini in letting them know they
approved the series but they did give
one nugget of advice lose the shorts
with a scene early on where Tony's
wearing shorts at the barbecue and
mobster said that Don does not wear
shorts now hilariously chase notes at
new and ever
the problem with Tony constantly walking
around in his underwear have you ever
wondered what was with Lady gaga before
she became known as a superstar well she
was just stephanie Germanotta
being a 15 year old the italian-american
twin guest-starred on The Sopranos is
one of AJ's friend from school she
appears in the scene where she AJ and a
bunch of classmates break into the
school pool to have a little fun well
and that's all for now I hope you liked
our story about The Sopranos if so like
the video comment and share take care
friend